Hi! I'm Usagi Tsukino! It
may not look it, but I'm a
Guardian of justice!
I use a special brooch to
transform and fight evil!
You know me as the Pretty
Guardian who fights for love
and for justice.
I am Sailor Moon!
And... these guys here are
my friends...!
Ami Mizuno, the kindhearted
genius!
I am Sailor Mercury!
Rei Hino, the hotheaded
psychic!
I am Sailor Mars!
Makoto Kino, the master of
cooking and cleaning!
I am Sailor Jupiter!
And Minako Aino,
once known as the crime
fighter Sailor V!
I am Sailor Venus!
Together, we five...
...are known as the Sailor
Guardians!
And you can leave it to all
of us to protect the peace
on Earth!
Yeah!
[panting]
[chuckling]
Thank you...
One day, I'll come back
with lots of flowers for
you, too!
[sobbing]
Please don't cry. I promise
that when I come back, I'll
bring you lots of flowers...
So please...
... Don't forget me.
Uh!
Huh...?
The meaning behind
forget-me-nots.
Oh!
"Don't forget me..."
That's not all.
Hm?
It's also said that
forget-me-nots symbolize...
true love.
You sure know a lot!
[grunting]
[clearing throat]
That Usagi, flirting with my
Mamo!
And right out in broad
daylight, too!
We shouldn't spy on them!
You guys...!
It's just wrong! It's wrong!
[gasping]
What?!
Hey!
Shh! They're just about to
get to the good part!
[struggling]
I'm telling you guys, this
isn't right! Spying is just
wrong!
Oh, yeah? Then why are you
still hanging around here,
Ami?
[squirming]
C-Chibi-Usa, don't wiggle
around so much!
Uh---[chuckling]
[groaning]
Hmm?
[screaming and panting]
[laughing]
That wasn't funny...!
Mamo...? Where did he go?!
[sighing]
Huh? Wha...
What's this?
[giggling]
Mamo! Mamo! Did you see
that?! The flowers?
Hey...
It's been a while, Mamoru.
It's me.
Do you know him?
Huh? No...
I'm sorry I made you wait.
I feel really bad that it
took as much time as it
did...
But...  I finally
found a flower that will
make you happy.
You what...?
Come on! You didn't forget
the promise that we made,
did you?
The promise...?
That's right. The flower
that we promised to each
other.
Sorry! You can't have him!
It's just that Mamo is my
boyfriend.
Move it.
Huh? [gasping]
[gasping]
[grunting]
Usako!
Usagi!
Hey, you! Where do you think
you're going?!
You get back here and
apologize to her, you
jerk!
Mamoru, I will fulfill our
promise to each other.
[struggling]
[grunting]
He's gone...
Fiore...? It can't be!
Mamo, what...?
And now onto our next
story... Today at 2 p.m., it
was discovered that a giant
asteroid is about to pass by
close to Earth.
Researchers calculate that
the massive rock will be
making its closest approach
tomorrow night at 11:20 p.m.
However, it will still be
twenty-five hundred and
fifty million kilometers
away, so it will have no
direct effect on the Earth.
If you have an astronomical
telescope, you can observe
the-
Seems the observatories on
Earth have finally noticed
it, too.
The asteroid you mentioned
before? It's not going to
hit Earth,
so what's your worry?
That's what we thought at
first as well...
Is there some other
problem?
Everyone, come here and take
a look at this.
I used the computer to
perform my own analysis of
that asteroid.
It spans over six hundred
meters.
That's really big. If it
were to collide with Earth,
it would be a disaster.
No, that's not the issue.
Considering its size, it
has surprisingly little
mass. Meaning, if it
fell to Earth, it'd just
burn up in the atmosphere.
Then what exactly's the
problem?
We picked up signs of plant
energy coming from the
asteroid.
What?
You know... now that you
mention it... that asteroid
does kind of look more like
a seed than a rock
formation.
I'm sure there's a simple
explanation for all this.
Maybe there's just moss growing
on its surface.
Artemis, I think you're
making a big fuss over
nothing.
Let's hope so...
Am I overreacting?
Huh?
[groaning]
But he really did look like
more than just a...
"friend."
No!
There's no way that Mamo
would ever...!
Mamoru did look very
serious when that guy
showed up.
And then he suddenly said
that he needed to leave.
Maybe Mamoru actually does
know that guy we saw at the
botanical garden, after all.
Usagi, he didn't tell you
anything?
Huh? No...
Come to think of
it, I really don't
know much about Mamo...
... from the time before
I met him.
I guess Mamoru is popular
with the guys, as well.
Ami, what are you
implying?!
That's actually
an interesting thought, Ami.
Well, this meeting's as good
as over...
I'll say...
[sighing]
No! Of Course not?! I
mean, it's fine, if that's
who you are.
Oh, yeah. I
totally agree.
I know some people at my
school who are in that kind
of relationship.
Really?!
So... are these your
parents, Mamo?
Yeah.
You grew up alone, without
any family at all?
That's right.
Were you lonely?
Doesn't matter
anymore. You're my family
now.
Looking back, I think I
needed to be alone...
... so I could
meet you.
Really?
You're right... I am your
family.
And from now on... I'll
always be here to protect
you.
I guess you're an expert when it
comes to love, Ami!
Me? No, I--
Ami, you're so cute.
Speaking of love,
did I ever tell you guys
about the guy who broke
my heart?
Mamo...
[yawning]
Balancing being a student
and a Guardian of justice is
exhausting!
Oh, give me a break! Our
meeting went nowhere because
you girls kept chitchatting
all night long!
Mm-hmm!
[chuckling nervously]
Mako, thanks for making me
my lunch!
Sure! You're very welcome.
Ready for school, Chibi-Usa?
Mm-hmm!
Huh...?
What's wrong, Rei?
Huh?
I just sensed an evil aura
nearby...
[panting]
Wait for me!
[grunting]
You're all heartless!
[panting]
Whoa. What happened here?!
[hesitant grunting]
Huh?
Something's taken their
energy...
What?!
Energy...?
All right... Everyone stay
alert!
Mm!
But what caused this? Why is
it happening...?
[screaming]
Minako!
You pervert!
[gasping]
Those plants! What are they?
It's the plants! They're
controlling these people!
Ah!
No!
Ahhhh!
There's no end to them!
Well, this is unexpected?!
Hup!
Evil Spirit...
[grunting]
...be exorcized!
[gasping]
We're saved!
No, not yet! I can still
detect the energy source
behind the plants that were
controlling all those
people.
Right there!
Ahhhh!
[gasping]
What happened here?!
Chibi-Usa?!
Chibi-usa look out!
Ahhhh!
Usagi!
[gasping]
[giggling]
Evil Spirit, be exorcized!
[struggling]
[giggling]
It's draining our energy...!
So that thing is what was
stealing all the energy from
those people!
Girls, transform now!
Venus Star Power... Make Up!
Jupiter Star Power... Make
Up!
[struggling]
[giggling]
[yelling]
Venus Love Me Chain!
[screaming]
[yelling]
Sparkling Wide Pressure!
[screaming]
Are you two okay?!
Mm!
[giggling]
Mars Star Power Make Up!
Mercury Star Power Make Up!
[yelling]
Fire...
...Soul!
[grunting]
Supreme...
...Thunder!
[grunting]
Mmm...
[sneezing]
[groaning]
Hmm.
[gasping]
[panting]
It's about time you came to!
Huh?!
Are you trying to kill me?!
How rude! After all I went
through to wake you up!
Where are...?
They transformed and are
fighting.
All right, then--
Moon Crystal Pow-
Usagi!
Uhh--
What now?!
Thank you for saving me back
there.
Go get 'em!
Oh-
Leave it to me!
Moon Crystal Power Make Up!
[grunting]
Burning...
Mandala!
[yelling]
Man, that thing sure is
fast!
[grunting]
[struggling]
Oh no!
Their energy's going to be
stolen!
[gasping]
The life of a flower is too
short! That's why girls
should fall in love
while they can!
Disguising yourself as a
lovely flower...
...to harm others is
unforgivable!
I am the Pretty Guardian...
...who fights for love and
for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And now, in the name of the
Moon, I'll punish you!
Sailor Moon!
Sorry I'm late!
Ahh!
[grunting]
Shine Aqua Illusion!
Sailor Moon! This is your
chance!
Huh!
Moon Princess Halation!
[gasping and screaming]
We did it!
I miscalculated...
[gasping]
I didn't know there were
people like you on this
planet.
You again.
You're that girl from
yesterday...
Oh, well... Our experiment
was still a success.
Experiment?
[chuckling]
Is that...?
...a Xenian Flower?
The energy of the people on
this planet... I quite like
it.
Yes... I'm sure my flower
will blossom beautifully on
this planet.
Just who are you anyway?!
Before that, however, we
must eliminate these
nuisances.
You're right.
[screaming]
[chuckling]
[gasping]
Damn you!
[grunting]
Huh?!
Jupiter!
[chuckling]
For daring to deceive
Mamoru...
...I will make your death
painful.
[grunting]
Die!
Uh--
A beautiful flower turns
ugly when nurtured by a
twisted heart...
Enough, Fiore.
Tuxedo Mask!
Uh--
Wait, you're...
Mamoru!
So you didn't forget the
friendship that we shared,
after all!
Fiore, why are you doing
this?
Why am...?
What about you?! Why ease
your loneliness with a silly
girl like her? She'll just
betray you, and you'll be
alone again!
Fiore, listen to me. If you
are truly are my friend,
then believe in this girl
and the people of this
planet.
I see.
Fiore...!
[chuckling]
[gasping]
What?!
This girl is merely
deceiving you!
Sailor Moon, run!
[grunting and gasping]
[struggling]
Please, stop this!
I won't! She's tricking you!
No, you're wrong!
I am not being tricked at
all!
Yes you are! Wake up!
No! Tuxedo Mask!
[grunting]
No! Don't do it!
[gasping]
[struggling]
Oh, no!
Tuxedo Mask!
Just hang on!
[struggling]
Mamo! [sobbing]
Mamoru... You- really care
for her that much...?
[gasping]
Mamo!
Sailor Moon, wait!
No...!
[sobbing]
Not again... Mamo...!
[tires screeching and crashing]
I'm so sorry, but... the
parents didn't make it.
However, their only son, Mamoru,
miraculously survived...
Mommy...
Daddy...!
I'm all alone now!
It's all right.
I'm here for you.
Fiore?
Please just stay inside
there for a while. You will
heal faster.
Fiore... I remember.
You were real, after all.
Not just some childhood
imaginary friend.
Childhood, huh? To me, it's
as if it was just
yesterday...
For years... I'd wandered
all alone through space...
without knowing when, or
even where, I'd been born.
Eventually, I became
exhausted... and landed on
your planet, Earth...
One look into your eyes and
I knew that you had called
me here to this world.
Neither of us would be alone
anymore.
But unfortunately... I
couldn't stay by your side.
My body wasn't able to
survive on Earth for very
long.
[crying]
Thank you...
I never imagined that
receiving a flower could
bring such joy.
And one day, I'll come back
with lots of flowers for
you, too!
Since then, I've traveled to
planets across the
universe... until I finally
found a flower that was
worthy of you.
When I first grasped the
Xenian Flower, I realized...
...those heartless humans on
Earth who disregarded you
and left you all alone...
must be annihilated!
Fiore... I never wanted
that at all. Why are you-?
Mamoru...
You wouldn't... leave me all
alone, would you?
Fiore...
I'm the only one who's
allowed to give you flowers.
Just what is this Xenian
Flower, anyway?
It's an evil plant... that
wants to drain the energy
from every last planet.
It's the universe's most
dangerous life form.
This is the first time both
Artemis and I have seen a
real one.
But even long ago, way back
in the Moon Kingdom, we had
heard all kinds of legends
about the Xenian Flower.
The flower itself is just a
plant, so it isn't able to
move.
It needs people or other
creatures to act as its arms
and legs.
So the Xenian Flower
possesses people who are
weak-minded.
Weak-minded...?
Once possessed, their heart
becomes filled with hatred
and produces evil power.
The planets that have been
destroyed by the Xenian
Flower in this galaxy alone
are too numerous to count.
Then that person who
snatched Mamoru away...
Yes! He's possessed by the
Xenian Flower.
I analyzed the energy from
the monster we fought this
morning.
It turns out that the
asteroid that is now
approaching the Earth is
emitting the same energy as
this flower.
What?!
Then that asteroid must
be...
There's no doubt! The Xenian
hideout!
And that has to be the place
where Mamoru has been taken!
Then there's no time to
waste!
Let's all teleport to the
asteroid!
Destroying the Xenian Flower
is the only way to save
Earth!
No way!
[gasping]
We can't go up there! We
can't take big risks like
that...
'Cause otherwise, you could
all end up like Mamo...
This is all my fault!
Poor Mamo, he got hurt
because he tried to protect
me...
Usagi...
Hey!
Uh?
Get ahold of yourself!
Sailor Moon!
How do you expect to rescue
him like that?
Eh--
A Guardian of Justice
doesn't cry!
Chibi-Usa...
You know, Chibi-Usa's right,
Usagi.
Earth is being threatened by
a powerful enemy.
here's no time to feel sorry
for yourself!
[grunting]
It's for Mamoru's sake, too.
[giggling]
Sailor...
...Teleport!
Usagi... Good luck...
Look, there it
is!
The entire asteroid is
covered in flowers...
Something's coming up behind
us!
[gasping]
Damn it... It's coming back!
Okay! Let's do this!
Right!
[giggling]
Sailor Planet...
...Attack!
[grunting]
Ugh!
[yelling and grunting]
[struggling]
[sighing]
What is that?
Hold on, let me run a scan.
It's Mamoru!
[gasping]
Mamo!
Wait! This could be a
trap...
But...!
There's no need to worry
about that. I would never
use Mamoru as bait.
Is that...?
[gasping]
I didn't expect you to come
all the way here. Seems I've
underestimated you.
Fiore! Give Mamo back to us!
Enough. Relax. I'll return
Mamoru to Earth.
Just not yet.
What's that mean?!
Do you know what these are?
They're seeds from my
flower.
When this asteroid reaches
the point at which it's
closest to the Earth...
...every flower here will
release its seeds, sending
them toward your planet.
Once they arrive there, the
seeds will bloom... and
ultimately, overtake the
entire world.
If that happens, mankind
will-
That's right. Energy will be
drained from every human,
and they will perish...
Like we'd let that happen!
[gasping]
Damn it! Where'd he go?!
Ami, what is it?!
Be careful, everyone! We're
surrounded by monsters!
[gasping]
Where?!
No way...! They're
multiplying fast! There're
so many!
[gasping]
Don't tell me...
[laughing]
Sailor Moon! Use Princess
Halation to cleanse this
asteroid.
It's the only way!
Got it!
The rest of us will back her
up!
Mm!
[yelling]
All right! Let's do this!
Supreme...
...Thunder!
[yelping]
Crescent... Beam!
Shine Aqua...
...Illusion!
Fire...
...Soul!
Moon Princess Halation!
[yelling]
This is bad. At this rate,
all my flowers will wilt.
[giggling]
[gasping]
Careful, everyone! Enemy
energy's building up in the
direction of nine o'clock!
[gasping]
[grunting]
[struggling]
[trembling]
[panting]
[crying and digging]
Rei! Ami! Mako! Minako!
Please, don't die...
Such a coward...
Huh...?
[laughing]
You abandoned your friends
to save yourself.
Moon Princess-
Stop!
Girls!
Sailor Moon.
Uh!
Drop that weapon. Don't harm
my flowers!
Otherwise...
[struggling]
No!
Stop, please...
If you mistreat my flowers
any further, then your friends
will suffer even more.
If you care about them,
throw down your weapon!
Sailor Moon...
You know what you have to
do...
You must fight, Sailor
Moon...
You're the only one who can
save Earth now...
Bring down... the enemy...
[gasping]
So, then? Will you turn your
back on your friends?!
Uh!
You win...
I'm sorry, everyone. But I
can't do it.
I don't want to lose you
guys again...
Usagi... You coward!
I just... I can't bear it...
I... can't watch you
suffer...
[gasping]
[struggling]
[groaning]
[fainting]
You guys!
[struggling]
What is with these humans...
And what is this that I'm
feeling...?!
Fiore...
Don't let her fool you.
Sailor Moon is a selfish
girl who's trying to steal
Mamoru from you.
That's right... I'm no
fool...!
Rest assured, Fiore. I shall
lend you my power.
If you defeat Sailor Moon,
Mamoru will remember that
you are his only friend.
Uh--
[groaning]
[straining]
Usako...
Ahhhh!
[struggling]
I'm going to drain every
ounce of energy from you!
[struggling]
My flowers are so delighted
that they're getting to
feast on your energy.
Yes... The liar who tried to
separate Mamoru and me must
die...
None of you could ever
understand the loneliness
that Mamoru and I had to go
through...You don't even
know what it's like to be
alone!
Look, Mizuno's studying by
herself again - as usual!
She's so stuck up 'cause she
gets good grades. Teacher's
pet!
You never had to curse your
own fate for being born into
this world...
You'd never understand!
I heard she hospitalized
some boys in a fight.
Again? She
wasn't kicked out?
I know. I never wanna go
near a violent girl like
her.
The loneliness of having no
friends. Do you know what
that feels like?!
Minako's not very social, is
she?
Yeah, she always says she's
busy.
Wait, I know! Maybe she's a
superhero like Sailor V!
Yeah, right! That's a good
one!
[laughing]
The pain and anger of
never being understood!
You just don't
get it!
There! That's her!
The one who's a psychic?
Yeah! Lost rings, wallets,
whatever! She just guesses
where they are and
she's always right.
Wow... That's kind of
creepy.
[screaming]
It's time for me to end
this.
[breathing heavily]
Now die.
No!
[gasping]
Please don't...
Please don't take Usagi away
from us, we need her.
She means a lot to us.
And we can't live
without her.
She gave us something
precious...
Something that is absolutely
irreplaceable.
What's this nonsense?
She's just a liar! She
doesn't give anything, she
only takes!
You don't understand.
If each one of us
hadn't met Usagi...
...we'd still be all alone!
[gasping]
No! You're all being
tricked-all of you, even
Mamoru!
She's deceiving you all!
Sailor Moon... I was right.
I cannot let you live.
Die!
No don't!
No! Usagi!
This flower is...
Mamoru...?!
[struggling]
Tuxedo Mask!
[grunting]
Can't be...!
[struggling]
[yelling]
[gasping]
What's the matter, Fiore?!
Be strong! I'm right here
with you!
It's all over...
...Mamoru...
He just- He threw a flower
at me...
Fiore...
Mamoru, you- are you
going to abandon me, too?
The flowers...
They all disappeared...
[grunting]
Then the Earth is saved!
[gasping]
[chuckling]
This asteroid has changed
course. Soon, it will fall
to Earth.
And you no longer have the
power to escape from this
place.
That's right... If I can't
have Mamoru, no one can!
All of you will be
incinerated with me!
That's fine with me,
Fiore... Even if you die, I
shall still make the
Earthlings suffer.
I won't let that happen!
No, don't!
You can't use the Silver
Crystal!
If you use the Silver
Crystal...
...you'll die, Usagi!
No! Don't...!
I have to, or else I
can't save all of you.
Don't worry. I'm going
to be just fine.
We'll all go back to Earth
together.
Okay?
[gasping]
[struggling]
So, you want to use this
stone's power to change the
asteroid's course?!
I won't let you!
You'll die here, with me.
[gasping]
Just what are you afraid of?
It'll be all right...
You won't be alone
anymore, I promise.
'Kay?
Liar!
You're trying to trick me by
pretending that you care!
Eh--
[gasping]
[crying]
Who are...?
Don't cry. It's okay.
[whimpering]
But my best friend is going
to have to go away really
soon.
And there's nothing I can do
to help him!
Guess what?
Huh?
It's a special day. I'm
a big sister, now.
My mommy just had a baby. So
I brought these flowers to
celebrate!
Here!
It's for you!
Wow... Thanks.
Sailor Moon gave Mamoru a
flower back then...?
[gasping]
That rose! It was from
Sailor Moon!
Just who are you...?
It's a flower...
Fiore! Don't let her fool
you! If she does-
[crying]
Fiore!
[screaming]
Usagi!
Usako...
I will protect all of you,
no matter what!
[staining]
Please, Legendary Silver
Crystal...
...bestow more power upon
me...
Power to protect everyone...
... so that nobody is
left alone!
Come on! We have
to go help her!
We can do this if we all
work together!
Right! We will not die here!
We'll all return to Earth!
[grunting]
Uh--
Hey! If you're going to
play, you have to actually
play, you know!
Okay! Let's have some fun!
Usagi...
[sighing]
I never realized... But
you're actually a super
hard worker.
Seriously! You only noticed
that now?!
Usagi...
That rice ball looks
so good, I can almost--!
Hold on... Aren't
you afraid of me?
No, why?
[gasping]
Usagi...
I don't believe it!
My hero Sailor V is standing
right here in front of
me...!
Tadah! That's me!
[chuckling]
Usagi...
That's right... My friends
are always there to give
me the strength...
... and the courage
I need.
The Silver Crystal and I can
grow stronger!
No one will be alone again!
Mercury Star Power!
Mars Star Power!
Jupiter Star Power!
Venus Star Power!
Moon Crystal Power!
[straining]
I wonder how they're all
faring up there...
I just hope they're able to
come back safely...
Don't worry.
Sailor Moon is like a mother
to us all. I know she'll
protect everyone.
Chibi-Usa...
Usagi! Usagi, wake up! Come
on, Usagi! You have to wake
up!
You liar...
You said you wouldn't die...
What's the point of being
saved, if you... aren't with
us?!
Come on...! Please just open
your eyes, Usagi!
In the end, we won...
...but we lost what was most
important to us...
Mamoru...
Huh?
Fiore...
Thank you. Seems... you and
Sailor Moon have saved me
once again.
Now... I will fulfill the
promise I made to you,
Mamoru...
This is the flower of life
that contains my own energy.
Give its nectar to Sailor
Moon.
[gasping]
Mamo...
Guys...
You see?
I said... I'd protect all of
you no matter what.
[crying]
Usagi!